Our history of sugar monitoring.
We are 1.5 years old, we measure sugar approximately 8 times a day.
Therefore, our tiny fingers are very pricked (((
It is not always possible to persuade a baby to measure sugar with a glucometer, so we "catch" and measure, no matter how inconvenient it may be.
We received a sensor "Libra 1" and a sweet gift from the fund.
We install the sensor without a single cry.
Fast and painless.
Son is happy)
They measured sugar with a phone when the child was playing.
Didn't even notice)
The sensor is our salvation! It makes our life much easier! Parents are calm and children are happy)
We are infinitely grateful to the foundation and to all those who support our vital help.